[ci-visibility] Add playwright instructions (#16654)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/tests/javascript.md

* Cucumber-js >= 7.0.0
* Cypress >= 6.7.0
  * From `dd-trace>=1.4.0`
* Playwright >= 1.18.0
  * From `dd-trace>=3.13.0` and `dd-trace>=2.26.0` for 2.x release line.

The instrumentation works at runtime, so any transpilers such as TypeScript, Webpack, Babel, or others are supported out of the box.

### Test suite level visibility compatibility

> [Test suite level visibility][4] is supported from `dd-trace>=3.10.0` and only Jest, Mocha and Playwright are currently supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Test suite level visibility][4] is supported from `dd-trace>=3.10.0`. Jest, Mocha, and Playwright are supported.
```

}
{{< /code-block >}}

### Adding custom tags to tests

> Custom tags are not supported in playwright yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom tags are not supported for Playwright.
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Cucumber" %}}
Set the `NODE_OPTIONS` environment variable to `-r dd-trace/ci/init`. Run your tests as you normally would, specifying the environment where the tests are run in the `DD_ENV` environment variable. For example, set `DD_ENV` to `local` when running tests on a developer workstation, or `ci` when running them on a CI provider:

```bash
NODE_OPTIONS="-r dd-trace/ci/init" DD_ENV=ci DD_SERVICE=my-javascript-app yarn test
```

> **Important**: if you set a value for `NODE_OPTIONS`, make sure it does not overwrite `-r dd-trace/ci/init`. This can be done using the `${NODE_OPTIONS:-}` clause:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you set a value for `NODE_OPTIONS`, make sure it does not overwrite `-r dd-trace/ci/init`. This can be done using the `${NODE_OPTIONS:-}` clause:
```

[Mocha >=9.0.0][8] uses an ESM-first approach to load test files. That means that if ES modules are used (for example, by defining test files with the `.mjs` extension), _the instrumentation is limited_. Tests are detected, but there isn't visibility into your test. For more information about ES modules, see the [Node.js documentation][9].

### Browser tests

> Browser tests executed with `mocha`, `jest`, `cucumber`, `cypress` and `playwright` are instrumented by `dd-trace-js`, but visibility into the browser session itself is not provided by default (for example, network calls, user actions, page loads, and so on).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browser tests executed with `mocha`, `jest`, `cucumber`, `cypress`, and `playwright` are instrumented by `dd-trace-js`, but visibility into the browser session itself is not provided by default (for example, network calls, user actions, page loads, etc.).
```
